This is to announce the availability of software implementing the
edge/line detection methods described in the paper "Logical/Linear
Operators for Image Curves" by Lee Iverson and Steven W. Zucker to be
published in an upcoming PAMI.  The implementation is both fast
(considering the amount of computation done) and general, written in
portable C.

My home page can be found at:

	http://www.ai.sri.com/~leei/

The software is available at:

	ftp://ftp.cim.mcgill.ca/pub/people/leei/loglin.tar.gz

and the accompanying paper (to appear in an upcoming PAMI):

	ftp://ftp.cim.mcgill.ca/pub/people/leei/loglin/loglin.ps.gz


			       ABSTRACT

We propose a language for designing image measurement operators
suitable for early vision.  We refer to them as "Logical/Linear"
(L/L) operators, since they unify aspects of linear operator theory
and boolean logic. A family of these operators appropriate for
measuring the low-order differential structure of image curves is
developed.  These L/L operators are derived by decomposing a linear
model into logical components to ensure that certain structural
preconditions for the existence of an image curve are upheld.
Tangential conditions guarantee continuity, while normal conditions
select and categorize contrast profiles.  The resulting operators
allow for coarse measurement of curvilinear differential structure
(orientation and curvature) while successfully segregating edge- and
line-like features.  By thus reducing the incidence of false-positive
responses, these operators are a substantial improvement over
(thresholded) linear operators which attempt to resolve the same class
of features.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Lee Iverson     		SRI International
leei@ai.sri.com			333 Ravenswood Ave., Menlo Park CA 94025
http://www.ai.sri.com/~leei/	(415) 859-3307
